How is it?
In my opinion, these three problems are simply unsolvable
This is an unsolvable matter.
unsolvable
May as well ask if these three problems are solved?
It's a deliberate confrontation
In my opinion, it is better to continue to be so old
That's right, the old man has been studying the books of sages for more than ten years
I had never heard of that before.
Sister Wu is absolutely
I see you are ignorant
What big money wins the first talent
Hmph shit you deserve it
How dare you be the hall master and scold the great scholar?
It's just unreasonable so far
You said he couldn't
Put up or shut up.
If I can answer
How about the fourth brother not letting you have the soldiers?
you
OK, if you can't answer
Go to the border and join the army
Give me the song
Go out and get it back
It's a deal.
It's finally done.
Your Highness, you will answer the question tomorrow
Why are you still fiddling with it?
These things?
Wait a minute it's a little loud
Cover your ears